Update mimir-prometheus to b1e01a8 (#10075)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Querier: Fix stddev+stdvar aggregations to always ignore native histograms. #9844
* [BUGFIX] Querier: Fix stddev+stdvar aggregations to treat Infinity consistently. #9844
* [BUGFIX] Ingester: Chunks could have one unnecessary zero byte at the end. #9844

> * [BUGFIX] OTLP receiver: Preserve colons when generating metric names in suffix adding mode (this mode is always enabled, unless one uses Prometheus as a library). #10075

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] OTLP receiver: Preserve colons and combine multiple consecutive underscores into one when generating metric names in suffix adding mode (`-distributor.otel-metric-suffixes-enabled`). #10075
```
